Add plugin development notes in a readme. (#209)
elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration: README.md

## Documentation

Logstash provides infrastructure to automatically generate documentation for this plugin from its [asciidoc source](docs/index.asciidoc).
All plugin documentation are placed under one [central location](http://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash/current/).

## Development
### Prerequisites
- Clone the [plugin repo](https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration)
- Check out the branch you would like to build, such as `8.x` or `9.x/main`, etc...
  - Note that, `8.series` branches require JDK17 and `9.series`/`main` requires JDK21.
- Set the Logstash source path in the `gradle.properties` file. Open the file and update the `LOGSTASH_PATH`.
- Make sure Logstash is compiled.
- Point to the Elasticsearch branch/version to build the plugin with. Open the `gradle.properties` file and update `ELASTICSEARCH_TREEISH`.

> - Point to the Elasticsearch branch/version to build the plugin with. Open the `gradle.properties` file and update `ELASTICSEARCH_TREEISH`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
duplicate?

Author: Yup, indeed duplicate, thank you for catching.

### Build

> We use Gradle tool to build this plugin. Gradle seeks Logstash core jars from the `LOGSTASH_PATH` path, downloads the Elasticsearch version defined with `ELASTICSEARCH_TREEISH` and build the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use Gradle tool to build this plugin. Gradle is configured to load the Logstash core jars from the `LOGSTASH_PATH` path, download the Elasticsearch version defined with `ELASTICSEARCH_TREEISH` and build the plugin.
```
